04-23-2025

First Session!

GM:         Kyle

Players:    Torg/"Glitch": Sam      Rook Hollis/"MedCheck": Robby

Ship Name:
Arminius

We are docked at the Iron Ring at an empty silo.  Receive net mail from a "family member" (of my engineered family):

NetMail Message (from Ajax1016):
"Hey brother. I'm digging down here on CON-PM28. We got us a union and the company, GANT, aren't respecting us. We are going to go on strike next month and GANT's 
security goons are sure to come down on us. We need a deterrent. I've arranged some drilling equipment for you to pick up from a station at the Ring. Inside the box 
of parts is a disassembled Pulse Rifle (Raid Rifle). Security is tight, don’t let customs linger too long looking at the crate. Once you get past them I'll meet you 
down just off the loading platform. Your job then is done and if you can sit tight until the strike is over I'll have some pull and I can get you a cargo module."

Bit of backstory:
Glitch and Rook won the Arminus in a hand of poker about 3 weeks ago and had to split the pot.  Since you can't split a ship, we decided to partner up with one 
another.  

Session Notes:
We've been looking for work since, and this just happened to come along.  I spoke with Glitch about it in full details, and he was down to do the job.
We began moving the ship toward the coordinates from the net mail to pick up the "cargo."  Along the way we came across a traveling merchant station, and stopped 
by to check for booze.  The station is packed with people looking like they're Velocity Cursed.

We're approached by a guy asking if we wanted to sell him some of our memories.  Glitch told him he only had "Memories of your mom!" and sent him away.  Turns out,
this was not the kind of merchant station we were looking for, they only run it like a chop shop, not a 7-11 =/  

We leave and arrive at the coordinates, Charnal Dock 9.  It's more like a cluster of remnants.  We finally find an actual ramshackle dock and connect.  As we exit the ship,
there are no airlocks, just people peddling their stuff.  Bunch of void sickness, wearing old cobbled together military armor.  We follow a sign to the "Rot Pit."

We encounter Mateo.  A 1 armed dude with bullets for tooth caps comes up to us and tells us he "sells bullets."  We told him we were looking to buy something that might use 
bullets.  He told us we need to head to the Rot Pit (a bar) and speak with a guy named crellen.  We continue on to the Rot Pit.

The "bar" in the Rot Pit is an old missile.  There's an old hardened dude at the bar "bristling" with weapons.  The bartender is a cyborg, with a tv for a face, 
only his leather pants-clad legs look human. We tell the "bartender" our friend Ajax1016 recommended the Rot Pit.  He states the crate will be delivered to our berthing, 
and we now owe 100 holos for the docking fee at Charnal Dock 9.  The crate is delivered (a heavy metal box with rusty cables for handles, takes both of us to load).  We
get underway and have to spend 1 fuel to burn to CON-PM28 (an asteroid mining-outpost).  We have no encounters along the way.

Intercepted, told where to dock.  Only 2 docks, the other one has a cargo module attached.  I are met by 3 GANT security officers, who say they are going to search our
shop. (Isa, Kev, and Kari).  Essentially, Glitch schmoozes them with Jovian beers, and they stop checking stuff out.  We venture out and try to find the place just off the
loading dock to see if we can find Ajax1016.  We instead encounter Mira, Ajax1016's wife.  She tells us he's been arrested for "Agitation," she believes GANT got word of his 
involvement in calling for the strike.  She doesn't know if he can post bail, if they're just going to hold him indefinitely, or not.  He only told her we could help her
get him out.  She didn't know he had requested us to bring what we did, was surprised.  We agreed to bring it to her and Ajax1016's hab, down the tunnle named "Slabward."
HAB DOOR CODE: 9154##.

Mira explains essentially the locked door leads to the box, where administrators and guards live.  We may be able to swap the parts with the union foreman for some fuel.
At this point, though, it almost sounds like Ajax may have made this plan on his own, and doesn't sound like he has too many friends.  Mira states the best chance of 
talking with the foreman is going into the mine with the mining shift.  She leads us to a bar we wanted to visit called "The Ration Cut."

We talk to the bartender, tell him we're there to see my brother who was locked up.  We talk a bit, and he tells us we should talk to one of the union reps there in the
corner of the bar, a woman named Sil (who has a surplus rusted military prostetic leg).  We go over to her and ask to speak with her.  We explain to Mira I'm Ajax's brother,
she takes us aside to talk to us away from prying ears and eyes.

She tells us they've been mining there for 10 years and the rock is empty.  We come up with a plan to go in if we can convince the foreman to go in for approval to buy our
parts.  She agrees Ajax is one theirs, and she doesn't want him in there either.

END OF SESSION.

Sam & I gained 5 XP each.

