05-08-2025

Session 2

GM:         Kyle

Players:    Torg "Glitch" Vane: Sam      Rook "MedCheck" Hollis: Robby

Ship Name:
Arminius

Current Location: CON-PM28
Current Situation: Trying to figure out how to get Ajax out of corporate jail.  Found out that CON-PM28 is an "empty" rock, so we really don't know what's going on.
                    It sounds as if the workers are moreso prisoners than citizens, and it's about time for a rebellion...  Information came from Union Rep Sil.  Ajax's
                    wife is named Mira.

Details from this session:

Foreman Name: Odd Fork.  Wear's company overalls, not the standard garbage the workers have to use.  Per Sil, he's a spindly little guy, pretty rude, has a robotic
eye and drives around on a golf-cart type thing.

Sil suggests we wear overalls to get in, then take them off once inside the tunnels, then find.  We get the uniforms from Ajax's supply from Mira.  We successfully
blend in with the oncomming shift at the whistle.  This takes place through the dock area going into The Tunnels.  Security doesn't seem to notice us, but some of the workers
give us the side/stink eye.

Inside the Tunnels, it's fairly disorientating.  The path is the rock of the asteroid, but there are no walls.  The sides descend into a black void, sprinkled by work lights up and down.
There is a steel safety cable workers attach themselves to in the middle of the path (as do we).  Above, hanging like a disco ball appears to be a large control room above us, with a
big steel elevator that goes up to the (possible) control room.  Guards do not go into the Tunnels.  There also appears to be a massive airlock that might be big enough to fit a
battle cruiser through.

REMINDER: CON-PM28 is in two large pieces with a central area and airlocks that connect them.

Up ahead, we see 2 miners start to arguing, which leads to a fist fight.  They're attached to the same safety cable, which starts to pull us left and right as they are rocking the
cable.  Glitch successfully intimidates them from fighting.  We shed our overalls and people get pissed until I tell them I shit my pants (LOL).

We get into a descending elevator with others to try to get down and find the foreman (Odd Fork).  When the crowd leaves, the take their access key with them.  Glitch states we need to
borrow the key and one of the guys says "Ain't no fucking way.  I'm responsible for that key!"  To which Glitch promptly punches the dude in the face, knocking him out.  This pisses the
other people off, bringing us to INITIATIVE for our first combat in the game.

I try to talk everyone down, but they're not buying it.  The dude with the key takes off running for a distance.  Everyone but us is clipped in.  Sam dangles the knocked out dude 
and "negotiates" us getting the key back.  I go to pick up the key, and it seemingly pushes up from the ground as I'm reaching toward it and flips into my hand.  We then leave the 4
people and get in the elvator and head down with the key.  Gravity seems to change everyonce in a while in all sorts of directions and strengths.

We get down to where we believe we need to be and find there is larger central platforms with mining equipment, looks like this is where the actual mining may be taking place.  Some
of the platforms look like they have old massive unused/inoperable mining machinery.  We hear a "Psst" in the almost complete darkness (only ambient light from the above).  In the shadows
we see what appear to be a set of "glowing" eyes (unsure if they're are actually glowing or just us thinking they are).  We go over to speak to the person.

He iminates static and his face is distorted as such.  He says "You guys are back from the box already?  That was quick!"  He goes on to ramble seeming like his memory is crossed 
with past present and future, and that we eventually ask him for bullets, but we have to talk to Ajax before we can "meet" him (his name is Rohgupation, but I'm going to call him
Pat for short.)  He mentions the foreman doesn't like beer (even though we're not exactly holding it).  He wanders off, and we go on to seek the foreman (Odd Fork).

We go over to a machine/building that looks like it's emitting fumes.  The golf cart is parked outside.  We try the door, but it's locked.  Glitch busts out his lockpick set
he had mentioned during our little "kerfuffel" at the elevators earlier.  He succeeds and we enter.  We follow a "huffing and puffing" noise and find Odd Fork.  He wants to call
security on us at first, but we convince him to meet us at the entrance at shift change during shift break.  He was not happy with us being there.  We got ready to leave at
shift change.  When we exit, security doesn't notice me, but they see Glitch and start questioning why he's out of uniform.  He tries to tell them someone beat him up and isn't able
convince them.  They pull us to the side and ask about us.  We tell them we got the meeting with Odd Fork and they were welcome to wait and talk to them, but they didn't want to.

The workers are pissed at us and won't let us into the Slab.  Odd Fork arrives and tells us about a backdoor entrance (where we'd go through the incinerator and poop) to get into the
slab.  He agrees we might be able to see Ajax for the parts.  Shift break lasts 6 hours, and we're already a bit into that, just not much.  We get our light EVA suits (7 hour air
supply) and get to moving.

As we move toward the hole, we get covered in this sort of shiny web stuff, like spider webs.  When we approach the hole and shoot the lump near the entrance, a giant space spider thing
jumps out of the crater next to us.  I swing my LRAD hammer first.  Glitch tries but misses.  I try again and miss.  Glitch goes again and gets a hit for 3 damage.  Glitch hits it again
it runs away, appearing to fly off, it's legs moving like it's moving up something, but we can't see what that something is.  

I took 4 damage (2) remaining

Dangerous Place 1xp
Met Pat 1xp
Told people I shit my pants 1xp